[Music]
[Applause]
minke whales make their way into these
placid waters in summer this is the most
abundant whale in the southern ocean
[Music]
Ming keys are one of the smallest before
the baleen whales and like all others
they come here to feed
[Music]
the majestic humpback whales mom also
some visitors
they have traveled thousands of miles
from their winter breeding grounds and
topics to gather the food that becomes
available here in summer
in just four months they accumulate
enough fat to provide them with energy
for the whole of the rest of the year
all these animals have come here in
search of one thing the krill krill is
the mainstay of the Antarctic food web
it occurred in phenomenal quantities
millions of individuals in a single
swarm and swarms can stretch for miles
sad seals also collect this rich
superabundant
tool crew swarms of an Apache but once
found feeding is easy
[Music]
how's that engulfed hundreds of
thousands of them in a single gargantuan
mouth
when the going is good the whales feed
continuously each eating up to two tons
of growth in 24 hours
[Music]
you